What is Kamu?
=============
In Finland, there is no tool for the average citizen to track how
parliamentary members are performing in a complete and easily
understandable fashion.  Before the elections, candidates' opinions can be
monitored using "internet polling devices," but their campaign promises
often don't correspond with actual voting behavior.  MPs' — members of
parliaments' — votes can be tracked using the already-established
eduskunta.fi website, however this site is difficult to navigate and does
not account for the comprehensive records of MPs.

The mission of Kansan muisti is to provide citizens with the opportunity
to track parliamentary performance in an easily understandable and
politically transparent fashion.  Kamu collects information about the
voting behavior of the MPs, members' statements made at plenary sessions
(full-sitting sessions of parliament), as well as members' proposal of
initiatives, and election funding.

In the future, Kamu will make it possible to compare opinions of
political-interest organizations — such as NGOs, corporations, unions — against
the opinions of MPs and the opinions of other KaMu users.

*Example #1* — Jane Doe's favorite MP is running for office again.  Before
the election, Jane decides to confirm that her MP has made good with
initial campaign promises.  Jane logs onto the KaMu website and compares
how the MP has been voting with respect to her own views and the views of
Jane's favorite non-profit organizations.  If she's in a hurry, Jane can
click on the profile of her favorite MP and find comprehensive data on how
political interest groups have ranked them.

*Example #2* — An environmental NGO has chosen environmentally-related
legislative proposals, rating the initiatives according to their
interests.  John Doe loves nature and decides to research which MPs have
been voting in accordance with his environmental interests.  After a
handful of clicks, the KaMu website will produce a list of MPs with
relevant scoring.  If John requires additional information about an MP, he
can procure complete data with just one extra click.
